Move damping text and add Martinez and Li (2016) (#159)
compgeolab/eql-gradient-boosted: manuscript/content.tex

The second term on the right-hand side of the equation is a zeroth-order
Tikhonov regularization \citep{tikhonov1977} (also known as a damping
regularization or ridge regression) that is used to stabilize the solution.

> The damping parameter controls the amount of regularization that will be applied:
> a large damping value would generate smooth solutions that fail to reproduce
> the high frequency components, while a small value would overfit the data,
> failing to produce realistic interpolation results \citep{martinez2016}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The damping parameter controls the amount of regularization that will be applied.
An overly large value would generate a smooth solution that fails to reproduce
the high frequency components of the data, while an overly small value would 
result in over-fitting, thus failing to produce realistic interpolation results 
\citep{martinez2016}.
```
